Update /5/ urls (#741)
plone/training: docs/mastering-plone/index.md

```{note}
This is the *Mastering Plone 6 Development Training*.

> *Mastering Plone 6 Development Training* supplements {doc}`mastering-plone-5/index` with known best practices for customizing and developing Plone 6: Plone Classic + frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Mastering Plone 6 Development Training* supplements {doc}`/mastering-plone-5/index` with known best practices for customizing and developing Plone 6: Plone Classic + frontend.
```

> *Mastering Plone 6 Development Training* supplements [Mastering Plone 5](https://training.plone.org/mastering-plone-5/) with known best practices for customizing and developing Plone 6: Plone Classic + frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Mastering Plone 6 Development Training* supplements {doc}`mastering-plone-5/index` with known best practices for customizing and developing Plone 6: Plone Classic + frontend.
```
